Add documentation on how to migrate away from a retracted version (#5361)
dart-lang/site-www: src/tools/pub/publishing.md

`dependency_overrides` section of the `pubspec.yaml` file.

### How to migrate away from a retracted package version

When a package depends on a package version that is retracted, there are
different ways to migrate away from this version depending on what other
versions are available.

#### Upgrade to a newer version

In most cases a newer version has been published to replace the retracted
version. In this case run `dart pub upgrade <package>`.

#### Downgrade to the newest non-retracted version

If there is no newer version available, the best action might be to downgrade to
the newest non-retracted version. There are two ways to get this version.

The first way is by using [pub tool](/tools/pub/cmd) commands: Run `dart pub
downgrade <package>` and then run `dart pub upgrade <package>`. The `downgrade`
command will get the lowest version of `<package>` matching the dependency
constraint in the `pubspec.yaml` file. The following `upgrade` command will then
get the newest non-retracted version available.

> The second way is by editting the `pubspec.lock` file manually. Delete the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second way is by editing the `pubspec.lock` file manually. Delete the
```

> The first way is by using [pub tool](/tools/pub/cmd) commands: Run `dart pub
> downgrade <package>` and then run `dart pub upgrade <package>`. The `downgrade`
> command will get the lowest version of `<package>` matching the dependency
> constraint in the `pubspec.yaml` file. The following `upgrade` command will then
> get the newest non-retracted version available.
> 
> The second way is by editing the `pubspec.lock` file manually. Delete the
> entire package entry for the package with the retracted version and then run
> `dart pub get`.

Reviewer 2: It was a bit hard for me to parse the first paragraph. What do you think about breaking these up into steps?

```suggestion
The first way is by using [pub tool](/tools/pub/cmd) commands:

1. Run `dart pub downgrade <package>` to
   get the lowest version  of the specified package that
   matches the constraints in the `pubspec.yaml` file.
2. Run `dart pub upgrade <package>` to get the
   newest compatible and non-retracted version available.

The second way is by editing the `pubspec.lock` file manually:

1. Delete the entire package entry for the package with the retracted version.
2. Run `dart pub get` to get the
   newest compatible and non-retracted version available.
```
